#Questionnaire

Where do text models currently have a major deficiency?

The major deficiency of the ML text models is to give an answer that have coherence and a proper 
reasoning or logic of the topic being asked. This issue is dangerous since the model cannot make a
proper analysis of what is being written and can propose a lie.

What are possible negative societal implications of text generation models?

Based on the response given to the previus answer, the ML can be used to spread lies and misinformation
acrross many social medias. It can be a powerful tool to the people who want to tergiverse facts as the trolls 
or 'bounty-hunters'

In situations where a model might make mistakes, and those mistakes could be harmful, what is a good
alternative to automating a process?

 A methodolOgy that the book provides is the Drivetrain Approach, which handle an order to build an ML and 
 resolve a problem.
 The first step is to define the object that you are trying to solve- (Help the andean farmers to excel their process of cultivate)
 Then you define the levers to use - Provide masked photos that can be translated into actions to be taken.
 After this, you define the data to gather - photos of healthy and unheatlhy plantations of the particular crop
 Fimally, you can then start to define how it is going to work your model

What kind of tabular data is deep learning particularly good at?
It is said in the book that in this particular field the deep learning is has not yielded further achievements.
However, it is proven ,alongside with other methods, that de DL is helpful for analyze time series and
tabular data.

What's a key downside of directly using a deep learning model for recommendation systems?

The most defining downside is that the ML models will recommend you things that are not helpful for you.
For example, things that you already picked or know but that the system will recommend you because of the 
proximity of probabilities.

What is DataLoaders?

It is a class that stores whatever you pass to it and makes them available as train and valid exercises.

What Four things do we need to tell fastai to create DataLoaders?

We need to define:
1. the type or kind of data that is going to be worked on the model
2. How to get the list of items
3. How to label these items
4. How to create the validation set


What does the splitter parameter to DataBlock do?

It allows to divide the data into the group that is going to be used as training and the other group to prove.

How do we ensure a random split always gives the same validation set?

We can ensure that the validation set keeps the same with the definition of the value seed, which defines the 'random' 
order to define the split.

